>>Welcome, everyone.
This is "The One
Goal, Ascension."
What would you say
is the one goal
that every human being wants
to attain more than anything?
If you could make a wish
and it be fulfilled,
what would you wish for?
Would you wish for more
time, more love, more energy,
more success, more safety,
more children, to look better,
belonging?
Would you seek more
answers or pleasure?
What about growth?
What would that one thing be?
And if you had all these
things, or any one of them,
what would that do for you?
What would that
bring into your life
that you presently don't have?
The answer is
accomplishing these goals
or attaining these goals would
make you feel more whole,
would make you
feel more complete.
Wholeness is what we
want more than anything.
Because if we are
whole, we are fulfilled.
Spiritually speaking,
our ultimate goal
is to be more holy,
a play on whole.
We want to be able
to receive blessings
from the god of our
choice and to bless others
with this divine presence.
More, we want to go to or
ascend to a better place, a more
holy place-- by whatever name
we call that place-- when
we leave Earth.
This is what we really want, and
wish for, more than anything.
This leads to a really
important question.
How are you going to
ascend to this place?
I often ask people,
what's your exit strategy?
When it's time for you to leave,
where are you going to go?
And how are you
going to get there?
In other words, why
are you still here?
What are you doing with
your time here on Earth?
And how are you going to
get where you want to go?
These are
extraordinary questions
that people often give
very little time, energy,
or consideration to.
But in this presentation, we're
going to provide some thoughts
on this issue.
The reason we are here is
because we lack something
that keeps us here on Earth.
We are not whole.
So in this presentation, I'm
going to show you what I know
or have learned
about how to attain
a greater sense of wholeness,
and perhaps, even holiness.
Our problem, as I
see it, is that we're
all 2/3 divine and 1/3 human.
In other words,
we're 240 out of 360,
if 360 symbolizes
wholeness, and wholeness
is symbolized by a circle.
So we're all 240 out of 360.
I derived this from the
second oldest human story.
It's called the
"Epic of Gilgamesh."
It's an immortality tale.
In the story, we're
told that Gilgamesh,
who was a Sumerian
king around 2500 BC,
is visited by a goddess
who tells him that he's
2/3 divine and 1/3 human.
And if he wants to make it
through the gate of the gods,
as he's shown here in
this cylinder seal,
that he's going to have
to clean up his act.
Because if he tries to
go through this gate
at 2/3 divine, it's going to
be like walking into a blender.
He's going to get
his feathers ruffled.
So this goddess is encouraging
Gilgamesh to clean up his act
to become not 240,
but to become 360,
to become whole,
holy, and complete.
And that's what
his tale is about.
In this extraordinary
seal, we see
Gilgamesh in the gate of
the gods, which we may even
think of as a stargate.
He has ascended a
flight of stairs.
And he stands in the
gate that is flanked
by squiggly lines that
symbolize both water, as well
as frequency or vibration.
So what's happened
here is that Gilgamesh
has scaled up his
vibration, his frequency,
enabling him to match
that of the divine beings
in the divine realm and now
is able to effortlessly go
through that gateway.
You see the two figures on
either side of the gate?
They're called janitors.
And the pun or joke there
is that they are there
to prepare to clean
up the mess, just
in case anybody tries
walking through this gate
if they're not completely
holy or a pure being.
So that's 2500 BC-- establishes
the human quest for wholeness
and holiness.
Because archetypically
speaking, we're all Gilgamesh.
We're all 2/3 divine,
1/3 human, working
on polishing up our pearl
or cleaning up our act,
so to speak.
2,500 years after Gilgamesh,
we learn the story of Jesus.
And in this image here, we
see the identical scenario.
A whole, holy, or
perfected human
enters a gateway
filled with light that
is also flanked by two beings.
In this case, angels.
But it's the same
story as Gilgamesh.
And we know that this story is
one of the most ancient human
stories.
And it continued into
the time of Jesus
and even continues to this day.
So whole equals holy.
But it also equals perfect
in the Christian tradition.
And this actually is our
goal, to become whole, holy,
or perfect beings.
The word perfect
means compassionate.
It means whole.
It also means that
the person has
attained full human potential,
which ultimately is all
our goal.
We know that Jesus is
portrayed as a perfect being.
And we know he's
shown as perfect when
he's enfolded within a
rainbow ring or an aura
of rainbow-like energy.
This resurrection
image shows Jesus
having attained the next
level of human evolution.
He has gone from man to
divine man or God man.
And he, in the esoteric sense,
according to researchers,
was here to show us the way to
attain the sense of wholeness,
holiness, and perfection.
So in my work, I've
gone about collecting
these images of Jesus in the
rainbow ring, the resurrected
Jesus, showing us
or modeling for us
this attainment of human
perfection or wholeness.
And the rainbow then becomes
the symbol for human ascension
as well as human perfection.
And this is its meaning
in Christian art.
Christians, of course,
believe that in the end times,
as recorded in the Book of
Revelation chapter 20, verse
12, "the entire
human body of Christ
will be changed to Light
to match the body of Christ
in his exalted state
in his Kingdom."
What that means is that, in this
flash of the blink of an eye,
we will all attain this sense
of wholeness and holiness
and be able to do the very
same things that Jesus was
able to do, which means to
be able to heal and to exude
this sense of divine presence.
Some people shy away from this
kind of concept or suggestion
that all of us have
this ability within us.
But this is the basic teaching
not only of Christianity,
but also of the ancient
Egyptian religion,
of the Tibetan tradition,
of the Essene tradition,
and the Cathar tradition, which
we will also be discussing
in other presentations.
So what we're asked to
believe here is that all of us
have this potential within us.
What we need to learn
to do is to take
the steps that will enable us to
attain this sense of wholeness.
This light body, or rainbow
body as it's also called,
is what the Apostle Paul was
talking about in 1 Corinthians
when he proclaims
that we shall all
be changed in the twinkling
of an eye at the last trump.
In other words, we will all
become these glowing light
beings.
It's a pretty wild concept for
most people to think about.
But the idea is
that we're sort of
like those two caterpillars
I saw once looking up
at the butterfly.
They looked at one
another and said,
you'll never get me up
in one of those things.
And that's our
fundamental predicament.
We look at images such as this,
of Christ in the rainbow body,
and we say, you'll never get
me up in one of those things.
Even my church tells me I
can't accomplish these things.
And that's our
fundamental dilemma.
We have to close that
gap between 240 and 360.
And the question then
becomes, how do we do this?
In the Tibetan
tradition, they speak
of what's called Dzogchen,
or the Great Perfection,
also known as the
mystic rapture.
And in this tradition,
a teacher or yogi
who has acquired the highest
forms of accomplishment
can transform the subtle
aspects of the human body
into pure light or what is
called "the rainbow body"
or "body of light."
And in Tibetan art,
we see this next level
of human attainment
or manifestation
as a swirling mass of energy.
What has happened here is
that the Lama has accelerated
the frequency of his
body until it dissolves
into multi-colored
rainbow light,
leaving behind only hair, toe,
and fingernails which have
no nerves to be transmuted.
Think about that.
Think about what our human body
was designed to be able to do.
We all indeed are in a
caterpillar-like form here,
a pupal phase.
The rainbow body equals the
butterfly phase, the next level
of manifestation.
And some may tell you that
this is impossible for us
to accomplish.
But actually, every
religious tradition
speaks of this incredible
transformation.
And in Tibet, they tell of this
transformation even occurring
in modern times.
So we're encouraged to believe
that we all can ultimately
attain this.
And in fact, the
Tibetans teach that we
won't be able to
leave Earth until we
do attain this remarkable
rainbow body of light.
So it might be wise
for us to consider
how we can incorporate some of
these teachings into our life.
And that's what we're going
to be discussing here.
First, we're making
the correspondence
between the Tibetan
rainbow body of light
and the rainbow body of
the resurrected Jesus.
And we're seeing that there
is, in fact, this crossover.
In fact, there is
a tradition that
says that during
those 18 missing
years between the
age of 12 and 30,
that Jesus was in fact in Tibet,
where he might in fact have
been learning this Tibetan
rainbow body tradition
and learning how to
activate these latent
capabilities within us.
In my work, what
I have established
is that, once these Lamas
attain the rainbow body,
they're able to travel
throughout the cosmos.
The Tibetans teach that
the rainbow body teaching
didn't come from Earth, that,
in fact, it's taught in 13 star
systems, including our own.
And once we attain
the rainbow body,
they say we're able to freely
travel from Sol, our star
system, to Sirius, or Orion,
or Cygnus, or the Pleiades,
or any of these
other star systems
that are mentioned
repeatedly in ancient myth
and sacred tradition.
How do they travel to
these star systems?
Well, the idea is that
the rainbow body itself
is, in fact, capable of
opening what we today
call a wormhole, an
interdimensional or
interstellar transportation
system that takes us
from point A in the universe
to point B as if there's
nothing in between.
So just imagine that what
we're all walking around
in and in our earthly bodies is
this magnificent mechanism that
can be transformed that will
enable us then to travel
throughout the cosmos.
Jesus spoke about
our perfection.
He says, "I tell you the truth.
It is hard for a rich man to
enter the kingdom of heaven.
It's easier for a
camel," he said,
"to go through the
eye of a needle
than for a rich man to
enter the kingdom of God."
I believe that that eye of the
needle that he's referring to
is, in fact, the open mouth
or gate of the wormhole.
And Jesus is giving
us clues, perceptions
about how to enter that
gateway by telling us
that our human cargo,
our body, is going
to have to be dissolved,
to use the Tibetan term,
or transformed,
transmuted, or resurrected,
to use the Christian
term, before it
goes through this
gateway or this portal.
In this beautiful
painting by Salvador Dali,
we see that Jesus has this
rainbow energy around his body.
He's neither fully
in this dimension,
nor is he fully in
the other dimension.
He's in an intermediate phase.
This is because
Christianity insists
that once Jesus attained
his resurrection body,
he could phase back and
forth between the material
and the immaterial world.
Just imagine doing that.
What had happened
in this conversation
is that the rich man had
told Jesus that he had always
followed his word.
And he wanted to know, well,
what else is there to do?
And Jesus told him to
follow the commandments.
The commandments are,
"Love with all your heart,
with all your soul,
and with all your mind.
This is the first and
greatest commandment.
And the second is like unto it.
Love your neighbor as
yourself," Jesus taught.
"All the law and
the prophets hang
on these two commandments."
This, according to
Christian teaching,
is the secret of eternal life.
It is the secret of
how we ultimately
manifest our true
capabilities as human
and access our divine selves.
We have to become beings of
pure light and pure love.
The rich man had
insisted that he always
kept these commandments,
and he wanted
to know what else was required.
Jesus then told him-- and
here's the punchline--
if thou will be perfect--
meaning whole, holy, complete,
and compassionate-- go
and sell what you've got.
Give it to the poor.
Then you'll have
treasure and heaven,
and you can come and follow me.
In my view, what
Jesus is saying is
that we want to take our
worry and our energy off
of the earthly immaterial
realm and put it
onto our future selves as
a whole and complete being.
And then we will be
able to follow him
through the eye of the
needle, through the wormhole.
So how do we lift this rainbow
body within us and get whole?
That's the ultimate question.
We have all heard the term
that nobody's perfect.
Our culture teaches that.
We're taught that people
cannot become perfect.
Therefore, why try?
I mean, you become whole
and holy, people say.
That's ridiculous.
To me, what is ridiculous
is listening to or believing
anyone who tells
you not to strive
for this ultimate
wholeness and holiness.
For, in striving, we
actually can attain or become
more whole and complete.
And we just might
surprise ourselves
with what we're capable of.
In my path and in my
tradition, my research,
I have used the tarot as one
way of opening up the path.
In fact, that's the
meaning of the word tarot
is it means the way or the path.
And the tarot deck is
separated into 22 cards.
It begins with the
first card, the fool,
and ends with the 21st
card, which is the world.
The idea is that we all start
out as a purely innocent being.
And then through the course
of our earthly travels
and our earthly quest,
we encounter challenges.
We encounter dilemmas
that must be overcome.
Many traditions
teach us that it's
our higher self or our angelic
self that first sat down
with us before our
earthly incarnation,
and we chose all of the
challenges and the dilemmas
that we face in our world.
And they're all designed
for us to perfect our souls.
So we all begin with the
innocence of the fool.
And we're all ultimately looking
for this eye of the needle
where we are able to
ascend into a higher
realm at the end of
our earthly lives.
And in the tarot, we can see
that the eye of the needle
is shown as a rainbow mandorla,
or almond-shaped gateway.
The tarot is separated
then into four suits.
Water, fire, air, and earth.
These are the four
basic elements
that the alchemists taught
all of earthly manifestations
are made out of,
including our bodies.
So we're always playing
with these four elements--
water, fire, air, and earth--
symbolized in the tarot
by the cups, the wands,
the swords, and the disks.
The ultimate goal
in the tarot is
to enjoy what's called the sun
card, or joy and prosperity.
When I first started studying
and utilizing the tarot
and reading professionally
before people in the 1990s,
I was always trying
to guide people
to this place of joy,
prosperity, and happiness, here
symbolized by the sun card.
And I would point out
that what we see here
are a man and a woman
in a garden scene, which
is meant to represent
the Garden of Eden.
Behind them, you see
the primordial mountain.
And then you see this beautiful
sun above the mountain.
And this represents to
the ancient Egyptians
the place where our souls
originally came from.
And of course, in
the Old Testament
this is referred to
as the Garden of Eden.
What I never noticed
for a number of years
is that the couple were
standing in a rainbow ring.
It wasn't until I started
studying the rainbow body
that I actually noticed this
peculiar feature of the card.
And with that realization
came a sudden thought.
What if all of us are always
standing in our rainbow body?
What if we're always
in the rainbow ring?
And what if our quest is simply
to learn to raise that ring
or to lift that vibration,
since the word ring
is a play or a pun on vibration.
Seemed to me that the Lamas who
have attained the rainbow body
have learned to do something
that we're all learning to do.
That is, they wear their
rainbow body on the outside.
We wear ours on the inside.
And part of our
quest is to learn
to flip this scenario,
to begin to act
as if we are these whole,
holy, and complete beings.
What would your
life be like if you
were closer to attaining
ultimate wholeness or holiness?
What if you were
ultimately, say, at 290?
What would your
life be like then?
What would you be
doing differently
mentally, physically,
spiritually,
and emotionally that
you're presently not doing?
This is a very important
imaginative kind of challenge,
but also a process that we
all need to go through here.
We need to begin to
identify with our more
whole, holy, complete,
and divine selves.
And in so doing, we're able
to lift the rainbow ring.
The fundamental dilemma most
of us find ourselves in though,
however, is symbolized
by the 8 of Swords card.
In the tarot, the 8
of Swords symbolizes
a person who is trapped
or feeling confined.
What we see here
are two people who
are standing on the edge
of a gap or a precipice.
All the good stuff they
want is on the other side
of the gap or precipice.
But there's no bridge.
There's no rope.
There's no ladder.
There's no apparent
way for them to get
from point A, where
they're at now, to point
B, where they want to go.
What we see are eight
swords sticking up
out of the ground
on the other side.
Something the tarot taught
me is that, while those
look like swords, those
are actually words.
Because when you take the first
letter S off the word swords,
you're left with words.
Words, of course, are
vibrations, which takes us back
to this idea of rings, or
tones, or vibration, once again.
The words or vibration that
often keep us locked in place
are usually worry, fear,
stress, anxiety, doubt.
But the really big
words or vibration
that keep us locked in
place are disbelief-related.
We don't believe we can
go from where we are now
to where we want to be.
Therefore, we don't.
In fact, as we stand on
this gap or precipice,
we basically have two choices.
One, we could go back up
around where we came from for,
say, three, six, eight
weeks, months, or years,
which ultimately will bring
us right back to where we are.
And then we have
two more choices.
We can go back
around the other way
three, six, eight weeks, months,
or years, which will bring us
right back to where we are.
Or we can find a way to get
across to the other side.
And the question is
how do we do that?
How do we bridge the gap?
This scene might be familiar
to some of you watching.
You might have seen it
in the movie "Indiana
Jones and the Last Crusade."
Because I'm convinced
that the director,
George Lucas and
Steven Spielberg,
who created that
film must have seen
this depiction here
by Clive Barrett
in the ancient Egyptian tarot.
Because this scene was precisely
duplicated in the movie
"Indiana Jones and
the Last Crusade."
Remember that movie?
That's the one
where Sean Connery
played Indiana's father.
And in the story,
Indiana and his father
were racing the Nazis
for the Holy Grail.
They ultimately came to
this Grail temple, which
happened to be Petra in Jordan.
The Nazis show up, and
they shoot Sean Connery
and tell Indiana
that if he wants
to save his father's
life, that he will
go get the Grail for the Nazis.
And so what happens
in the story is
that Indiana goes through
several trials and tribulations
until he comes to
exactly this place, where
he's standing on
the edge of this gap
and the Holy Grail is hidden
in a cave on the other side.
And when Indiana got there, he
realized that he couldn't jump
across, he couldn't use his
whip, he couldn't use his gun,
or beat somebody up-- all the
usual ways that he used to get
what he wanted in those films.
Indy realized that
the only way to get
across there is he had
to get out of his head,
and he had to go into his
heart and focus on what
it was that he did want.
And what he wanted was
not to get the Grail.
What he wanted was to
save his father's life.
And as Indiana united
his heart and his mind,
suddenly he got the motivation,
and the inspiration,
and the trust and belief to
take a first step of faith,
whereupon a solid but
invisible bridge manifested.
Indiana steps onto the bridge,
crosses over this gap or chasm,
gets across to the other side,
scoops up a handful of dirt,
and throws it over
to mark his trail.
He gets the Grail, and he
saves his father's life.
Now, the thing is is
that, individually, we
come to this place in
many different forms.
The words, and the disbelief,
and the worry that we're
talking about can be financial.
It can be having to
do with relationships.
It could have to do with career.
It could have to
do with anything.
But the technique for overcoming
the gap and these vibrations
that keep us locked
in place is the same.
We have to focus on
what it is we do want,
not what we don't want.
Then the second thing
is we have to be
able to motivate ourselves.
Because literally, Indiana was
in a life and death situation.
In our careers, in
our relationships,
in other areas where
we experience the gap,
we might not feel like we're
in a life and death situation.
But in a way, we really are.
Because if we stay on
this side of the gap,
we're never going to
attain our full potential
to become more whole, complete,
and indeed, holy beings.
Before we move on,
we want to note
that the two figures who are
standing on the side of the gap
have donkeys behind them
that are carrying cargo.
This is what Jesus was
saying a moment ago,
is that we've got to let that
stuff go, lighten our load
as we begin to take our
steps through the gap.
Ignorance is the name
that the Bible gives
to the gulf or chasm of
darkness separating us
from God and the life and
benefits of knowing, trusting,
and indeed, loving God.
So here's what happens
internally when
we get into these situations.
If we could look into Indiana
Jones' mind at that moment
when he's on this
side of the gap,
we would see a split
in his consciousness.
We would see his male side,
his logical side, telling him,
Indy, there's no way you
can get across the gap.
It's too far.
You can't use your whip.
You can't use your
gun, beat somebody up,
or steal something--
all the usual masculine,
left brain ways that
you've used in these movies
to get what you want.
His female side, his more
emotional or intuitive side,
is shown here on
the bed in tears.
She knows that there's a
magical way, a spiritual way
to get across.
But his male side
isn't listening.
And this is what has to happen
in all of these situations,
whether it's career,
family, financial,
whatever it is, or spiritual.
We have to get our male side
and our female side unified
and working together on
one goal, on, in fact,
the same goal.
Something that the
tarot has taught
me is that in a
traditional relationship,
the male feels like his
primary responsibility
towards the female is to provide
for her and to protect her.
Behind that, though, she
has a really important need.
She wants him to pay
attention to her.
The male side looks at
situations, especially
spiritual endeavors,
and says, look,
we really don't have a lot of
time for that kind of thing.
It's not going to help
us make any more money.
It's not going to
bring in the things
that the male side
really likes to focus on.
And consequently, the female
side isn't getting fed.
She's not being
paid attention to.
And the male side is
actually depriving himself
of the extraordinary
capacity and capabilities
of the female side,
her spiritual intuitive
capabilities and creativity
that can help achieve
the goal that we are seeking.
This is where the male
side likes to live,
here represented
by the 9 of Swords.
The masculine side is the
worrier side of ourselves.
It's also the warrior.
And you notice that the word
worry and warrior are just
one letter apart.
The male side likes to
sit on the couch at home
and think about all the
worry, fear, stress, anxiety,
and doubt-- all the reasons
we can't do something.
You might notice that beside
him is the Egyptian symbol
of the ankh, or key of life.
The male side is challenged
to pick up that key.
But he never does, because he's
too busy focusing on everything
we don't want to have happen.
Meanwhile, the card on
the right, the 9 of Disks,
symbolizes where the female
likes to focus her time.
It's the same cave.
But now it's filled with
nine golden disks, which
represent ultimate
prosperity and manifestation
of actual physical
cash in the real world.
But internally, it represents
new ideas, or talents,
or abilities that are within
us that are always latent
and are waiting to come online.
How do we bring them online?
By overcoming the worry, fear,
stress, anxiety, and doubt.
So here's the dilemma
that all of us face.
We're in the same cave.
There's two aspects
of ourselves.
And we have to decide which one
of these we're going to feed.
But the idea is ultimately
we want both of them
focused on the same thing.
And usually, what that
means is that the male side
is going to have to go through
a period of retraining.
He's going to have to listen
to that female side, which
is what we see happening in
this card, the 7 of Wands.
When we look at
this at first, we
see the man and woman
on the edge of a cliff.
And it looks like he's
about to push her off.
And she's certainly
going to hurt herself
if she falls off this cliff.
But if we blink and
look at it again,
we might see
something different.
We might see that she, in
fact, is so strong that she's
able to push back or
hold back this apparently
stronger male force
long enough for her cat
to come into the picture
to release this tension.
This is illustrating
the interplay
of the male and
female within us,
where they begin this
process of dancing, in a way.
Because the third
way to look at this
is that they are, in
fact, not in a struggle,
in a shoving match.
They're dancing on
the edge of the cliff.
And what needs to
happen here is that they
want to change the tune, or the
tone, or the tempo of the dance
to get away from
that cliff, which
is indeed what will happen.
So after we go through this
process of the push-pull,
we then are in a position to
open up into the ultimate goal.
And what has to happen
here is that the male side
has to get off of
the thunderstorms,
off of the worry, fear,
stress, anxiety, and doubt,
and begin to fine tune and
focus its energy on raising
our vibration.
Unifying the two, the inner
male and the inner female,
and raising our
vibration, which is
what we see happening
in this 3 of Wands card,
where we see the
same man is now out
in the middle of the desert in a
triangle or a pyramid of power,
focusing on, or meditating
on, the rising sun.
That sun, of course, symbolizes
joy, prosperity, and happiness.
And it represents the
new dawn or the new day.
And here's how we transmute
the negative energies
or emotions of the worry, fear,
stress, anxiety, and doubt.
This is a real key aspect
of alchemy here, in fact.
Because ultimately,
what we want to do
is raise our vibrations
symbolized by the rainbow.
There are actually three
parts to a rainbow.
A rainbow is composed of
water from the rain, the sun,
and a third part, us, the
person that sees the rainbow.
So here we see
illustrated for us
this process of transmutation,
where we actually
use this energy of the
worry, fear, stress, anxiety,
and doubt and infuse it
with new light, new hope,
to produce the rainbow.
So how do we do this?
How do we go from 240 to 360?
Here's my process.
What I encourage people
to do is to draw a circle
as large as they can make
it on a piece of paper
and draw a dot in the center.
This represents our
ultimate goal or our target.
We all start out,
as I said, at 240.
And we're trying
to get up to 360.
In our example here, let's
just say our next step for us,
our next vibration, is 270.
So think about it this way.
Presently, you are
living your life at 240.
Everything you're doing
mentally, physically,
spiritually, and
emotionally refers
to your beliefs about yourself
and your capability at 240.
The things you
read, the things you
think about, how
you feel physically,
the foods you're eating, what
you're feeling emotionally,
your spiritual practices all
reflect your life at 240.
In order to get up
to 270, we're going
to have to change those things.
Because when we're at
this higher vibration,
we will be doing
different things mentally,
physically, spiritually,
and emotionally
than we're presently doing.
And each of us as individuals
have to figure out
what are those things.
And you have to go
into your imagination
and spend some time.
Just go crazy making a
list of all the things
that you would imagine you'll
be doing when you're at 270
that you're presently not doing.
What will you be reading?
What new books or
new information
will you be bringing
into your life?
What new foods
might you be eating?
You'll continue to do many
of the positive things you're
already doing.
But what we're wanting
to focus on now
are new positive
behaviors or activities
that you will be doing
when you're at 270.
Some are going to
be really easy,
like taking more
walks every day,
or sleeping more, or
meditating more, or playing
your instruments more, or
all those easy little things
that you can do.
Some going to be perceived
to be more difficult,
like going to
Egypt, or fulfilling
a life dream of building a home,
or something of that nature.
We still want to list
those things out.
Again, go wild.
What we want to do is
make four lists, actually,
separating them into the four
elements-- mental, physical,
spiritual, and emotional.
And if we can, come
up with 5, 10, 15, 20,
25 different new
things that you'll
enjoy doing mentally,
physically, spiritually,
and emotionally
when you're at 270.
Then once we have the
list, what we want to do
is prioritize those lists
or separate them out
from perceived easiest to
perceived most difficult.
Then what we want to do is
to start doing those things.
Because in doing them, we will
be acting as if we are already
at this higher vibration.
The analogy I like to make
is to a singing crystal bowl.
When a person plays a singing
bowl, they take the bowl
and they put it on a solid
platform, a floor, or a table.
Then they take out a wand,
typically, or a mallet.
And they begin to go
around the rim of the bowl.
At first, the bowl isn't
producing much of a sound.
It's trying to find its pitch.
But once the bowl
finds its pitch-- wow--
it suddenly just
takes off and begins
producing this amazing
vibration that fills up the room
and begins to transform
everyone and everything
in the vicinity of that bowl.
That bowl symbolizes
our Grail cup,
as in the story
of Indiana Jones.
But it also ultimately
symbolizes us.
We are that bowl.
And what we're challenged with
doing is picking up that mallet
and beginning to go
around the rim of our life
and beginning to change the
little things that we're
doing to know that we're going
to ultimately get a big wow
moment when suddenly our bowl,
our life, just takes off.
And this is the
process that we're
trying to make happen here.
And as our bowl-- as
our vibration takes off,
we begin to magically influence
everyone and everything
that we come into contact with.
Now, as in the
example of the bowl,
we don't know exactly
which new activity
is going to be the one that
suddenly gives us the big wow.
We just need to trust that if
we begin doing these things
and continue to do
these new things,
that big wow will be there.
And this is how
we gradually begin
to build this higher vibration.
Now, your male side,
your logical side,
likes this process.
Because this isn't some
kind of patch of blue sky
we're talking about here.
This is logical.
It makes sense.
Your male side has seen,
perhaps, the bowl happen.
And if not, perhaps you want
to Google or go on to YouTube
and watch someone
playing a singing crystal
bowl or a Tibetan bowl.
Or maybe you've seen the
example with a crystal glass.
The male side likes it,
because this is a process.
Your female side likes
this too, because she's
waiting for the big wow moment.
She knows this is going happen.
And by the way, that mallet
that they use with the bowl
is phallic.
It's masculine.
The bowl is feminine.
So this process unites
the male and female side.
And what ultimately is going
to unite your male side here
is that he's waking up.
He's saying, oh, I get it.
My female side, the
creative and intuitive side,
wants to do all these
new things mentally,
physically, spiritually,
and emotionally.
Because ultimately,
that is going
to create a sense of
greater wholeness,
and completion, and
ultimately, holiness.
The male side's not really
vibing with the holiness.
But he really likes the
idea of becoming more whole.
Because if we're
more whole, that
is going to create greater
protection and greater
prosperity than we're
presently enjoying.
And now the male side wakes
up and is like, oh, OK.
I've been preventing
the female side
from doing all these new things
for fear that she might not
do them correctly or might
fail in these new endeavors.
But now he sees that
this isn't engaging
in frivolous behavior or new
things that could be risky.
This is all going towards
attaining a greater sense
of wholeness and protection.
And now the male side
takes the brakes off,
takes the first step, gets
across the other side,
and in fact, can't open
the gate fast enough
to get to the other
side, and is now
fully locked in with the
female side towards attaining
this higher vibration.
So as the male
side looks at this,
he's all interested in this now.
Because this is a logical
and purposeful path.
And it's your male
side, by the way,
that's either going to allow
you to make that list or not.
But I think most of you
watching this will be motivated
to do this, because
the male side's seeing
that this is going to
lead us to a better place.
So the male side
is going to make
that list, that to-do list.
Then the next thing
is you're either
going to do the things on
that list or you're not.
And I believe, again, you'll be
motivated to do these things,
because the male side is the
side of ourselves that says,
yes, we're going to do
these things or we're not.
And he'll be very motivated
to move as fast as we can
up to this higher
vibration, because that
means more, better, now.
And that's the motivation
of the male side.
The female side likes it,
because she's all along just
wanted to become unified
with the male side
and to attain a greater sense
of wholeness and holiness,
if not divinity.
The thing here is that
once we get up to 270,
once we begin raising our
vibration in this way,
it's really going to
start to feed on itself
and it's going to bring
a sense of wonder.
And my advice to you would
be just go crazy with this.
Make a long list
of these things,
and just start doing them.
Go crazy.
Make your friends wonder what
in the world is wrong with you.
Right?
Because suddenly you're
doing all these things
that are making you happy.
And try this.
Go nuts with this
for 30, 45, 60 days.
And if you don't like your
life at a higher vibration,
enjoying greater prosperity
and a sense of wholeness,
go back to what
you're doing now.
But I don't think you will.
I think you're going to
just want to continue
to build, and build, and build.
Because the idea is that
once you get up to 270,
now 290 comes into sight.
And you can use the same
process to go from 270 to 290,
up to 310.
And from there-- wow--
anything is possible.
What we've really done here is
opened a portal or a gateway
for ourselves.
This is how I believe
Indiana actually
got across that gateway in that
movie is he opened a wormhole.
He went from point A
to point B as if there
was nothing in between.
He opened a wormhole.
And you can too.
And this is the
instant application
of what I call stargate
metaphysics in your life, how
we can use our belief
to open this portal
or gateway for ourselves,
step through, and get across
to the other side.
The key is, like Indiana,
we have to view ourselves
in a life and death situation.
Because you no longer want
to live your life at 240.
Your list that
you're going to make
is going to be so
exciting that you're
going to motivate
yourself to get up to 270
as quickly as you
can and to bring
those blessings into your
life and to be able to share
those blessings with
everyone and everything
that you come into contact with.
So I hope you've enjoyed
this presentation.
I look forward to hearing
the results of your labors.
I hope you'll drop
me an email to let
me know how this process
has worked for you.
And I commend you on
your quest to attain
the greatest sense of wholeness
and holiness possible.
Thank you very
much for watching.